README.md, before:

![Frame (1)](https://github.com/crucials/saveable/assets/83793845/89bfa860-2cd5-4be2-afc0-f79bc7d1b04e)

# Saveable

Website with media utilities like video and audio downloader and audio extraction

## Features
:fire: New feature - SoundCloud playlist downloader (_playlists with more than about 100 tracks probably won't be downloaded because app is hosted on 512 MB servers_)

:city_sunset: Website has nice-looking and comfortable design, bottom bar on mobile for faster navigation. There is also dark and light color themes

#### Functionallity: 
- Video and audio downloader from such services as Youtube and SoundCloud (_maybe more platfoms soon_).
- Audio extraction from video, converts most of video formats to mp3. And yes, **convertion happens in your browser** so your videos isn't uploaded to anywhere

## Try it out

[:eyes: View the app](https://saveable.onrender.com/)

## Tech stack

⚒️ Built with Vue, Nuxt, TypeScript and SCSS. Also [ffmpeg.wasm](https://github.com/ffmpegwasm/ffmpeg.wasm) was used from client-side video manipulations

⠀


![screencapture-saveable-netlify-app-download-youtube-2023-05-21-10_31_04](https://github.com/crucials/saveable/assets/83793845/baecfbc2-6ec8-45db-ad81-cc0742f93cc9)

Commit message:

Changed alt text for logo and erased some unnecessary line breaks

README.md, after:

![Down arrow poiting to the platform with "Saveable" label next to it, Saveable logo](https://github.com/crucials/saveable/assets/83793845/89bfa860-2cd5-4be2-afc0-f79bc7d1b04e)

# Saveable

Website with media utilities like video and audio downloader and audio extraction

## Features
:fire: New feature - SoundCloud playlist downloader (_playlists with more than about 100 tracks probably won't be downloaded because app is hosted on 512 MB servers_)

:city_sunset: Website has nice-looking and comfortable design, bottom bar on mobile for faster navigation. There is also dark and light color themes

#### Functionallity: 
- Video and audio downloader from such services as Youtube and SoundCloud (_maybe more platfoms soon_).
- Audio extraction from video, converts most of video formats to mp3. And yes, **convertion happens in your browser** so your videos isn't uploaded to anywhere

## Try it out

[:eyes: View the app](https://saveable.onrender.com/)

## Tech stack

⚒️ Built with Vue, Nuxt, TypeScript and SCSS. Also [ffmpeg.wasm](https://github.com/ffmpegwasm/ffmpeg.wasm) was used from client-side video manipulations

⠀

![screencapture-saveable-netlify-app-download-youtube-2023-05-21-10_31_04](https://github.com/crucials/saveable/assets/83793845/baecfbc2-6ec8-45db-ad81-cc0742f93cc9)
